docs(fix): Index prefixes fix pt2 (#7925)
camunda/camunda-docs: versioned_docs/version-8.8/self-managed/components/orchestration-cluster/core-settings/configuration/partials/_secondary-storage.md

:::warning
Changing an index prefix after a Camunda instance has been running creates new, empty indices with the new prefix. Camunda does not provide built‑in migration support between old and new prefixes.

> If Elasticsearch/OpenSearch Expoter indices and unified Camunda indices use the same Elasticsearch/OpenSearch cluster, you must use different index prefixes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If Elasticsearch/OpenSearch Expoter indices and Orchestration Cluster indices use the same Elasticsearch/OpenSearch cluster, you must use different index prefixes.
```
